[ADD] Recruitment: adding new recruitment flow doc (#9616)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/recruitment-flow.rst

================
Recruitment flow
================

When a prospective employee applies for a job in Odoo, there is a pre-configured process from the
:ref:`initial inquiry <recruitment/new>` to :ref:`creating a new employee
<recruitment/new-employee>` once hired. The following outlines the default recruitment *flow*, or
sequence of events, for Odoo's *Recruitment* application.

.. important::
   The following is based on Odoo's default recruitment pipeline. Be advised that if
   :ref:`modifications are made <recruitment/customize-stages>` to the pipeline, the following will
   differ.

.. _recruitment/new:

New
===

All applicants appear in the :guilabel:`New` stage, whether submitted online or if the applicant is
:doc:`manually entered by a recruiter <add-new-applicants>`.

When the applicant's card is created, Odoo automatically populates the
:guilabel:`Subject/Application`, the applicant's :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email`,

> :guilabel:`Mobile` number, and :guilabel:`LinkedIn Profile` on the applicant's card. This

Author: OMG you are right! You have to add EITHER a LinkedIN OR a Resume!!! I think this must have been changed because I swear, every time I was testing in my own blank DB's for my tour I always had to enter a fake LinkedIn profile. This is why another set of eyes is always helpful!

information is required when applying for a job position, by default.

.. note::
   If the website application form is modified, different fields may be populated based on what
   information is requested on the website.

If the applicant entered any information in the :guilabel:`Short Introduction` section of the online
application, it populates the :guilabel:`Application Summary` tab at the bottom of the applicant's
card.

Resumé
------

If a resumé was attached to the online application, it appears in the attachments section of the
chatter, and is also stored in the *Documents* application. To find the recruitment documents,
navigate to the main :menuselection:`Documents` dashboard, and click the :guilabel:`Recruitment`

> folder on the left-hand side. All recruitment documents are stored within that folder.

Author: I double checked right now, and I checked in the database I made for my recruitment tour. In a blank database, it does go to the Recruitment folder. I honestly do not know why it does not do that in Runbot, unless they made some modifications.

This is why my docs take forever, because  always have to compare to a blank/fresh DB and the runbots, since there are so many configs in Runbot =D! But thank you as always for double checking how everything works- I really appreciate it!

If the :ref:`CV Display <recruitment/cv-display>` option was enabled in the :ref:`Settings
<recruitment/settings>` menu, the resumé appears on the applicant's card, on the right-hand side.

Send interview
--------------

At any point in the hiring process, an *interview* can be sent to the applicant to obtain more
information. These interviews are custom-made, and can be formatted in a variety of ways.

The *Surveys* application is required to send interviews to an applicant, so it **must** be
installed.

Odoo uses the term *interview*, but these can be thought of as questionnaires, surveys, tests,
certifications, etc. Custom interviews can be formatted to suit each individual job positions
needs. For more information on creating and editing interview forms, refer to the
:doc:`../../hr/recruitment/new_job` documentation.

.. example::
   A job position for a computer programmer could have an interview in the form of a programming
   quiz to determine the skill level of the applicant. A job position for a restaurant server could
   have a questionnaire inquiring about the applicant's availability, if the desired applicant needs

>    to be available on weekend evenings.

Author: I included both to show that you can make an "interview" (which is an odd sounding term to me=) have both technical testing and also innocuous non-"testing" types of questions like scheduling.

:guilabel:`Answer deadline`, and a calendar selector appears. Use the :icon:`fa-chevron-left`
:guilabel:`(left)`  and :icon:`fa-chevron-right` :guilabel:`(right)` arrows on either side of the
month to navigate to the desired month, then click on the :guilabel:`day` to select the date.

The :guilabel:`Mail Template` field is pre-populated based on the configuration for the interview. A
different template can be chosen from the drop-down menu if desired. If a new template is selected,
the new email template loads in the email body.

To send the email with the interview link to the applicant, click :guilabel:`Send` at the bottom of
the email pop-up.

.. image:: recruitment-flow/send-survey.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Send a custom survey, also referred to as an interview form, to an applicant using a
         pre-configured template.

.. _recruitment/initial-qualification:

Initial qualification
=====================

If an applicant seems to be a good potential candidate, they are moved to the :guilabel:`Initial
Qualification` stage. This could be for a number of reasons, such as they have the relevant

> experience, education, or certifications the position requires.

Author: True- I always tend to add too much!

This stage is to quickly sort candidates that have potential, and those that do not meet the
requirements. No automatic actions, such as emails, are set for this stage. This stage simply
informs the recruitment team to potentially set up a phone call or an interview with the candidate.

.. note::
   In order to move an applicant's card from one stage to another, the applicant's card can either
   be dragged and dropped in the Kanban view to the desired stage, or the stage can be modified on
   the applicant's card.

   To change the stage on the applicant's card, click on the applicant's card in the Kanban view to
   go to a detailed view of the card. The current stage for the card is highlighted at the top,
   above the card. Click the desired stage for the card, and the stage changes. A log note
   indicating the stage change appears in the chatter. Navigate back to the Kanban view by clicking
   on :guilabel:`Applications` in the breadcrumb menu in the top-left, and the applicant's card now

>    appears in the new stage.

Author: I believe I made the changes you mention above- but if I didn't fully understand, just let me know (the Kanban drag and drop is still mentioned first- so I wasn't sure if you meant for me to delete that as well?).

stage, drag and drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, or click on the
:guilabel:`First Interview` stage button at the top of the individual applicant's card.

.. image:: recruitment-flow/move.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An applicant's card moves from one stage to another by using the click and drag method.

.. tip::
   The :guilabel:`First Interview` stage can be modified so when the applicant's card moves to the
   :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, an email is automatically sent to the applicant stating an
   interview is requested. In this pre-configured email template, a link to the recruiting team's
   calendar appears, allowing the applicant to schedule their interview.

   :ref:`Edit <recruitment/edit-stage>` the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, and select the
   :guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule Interview` for the :guilabel:`Email Template` field, to automate
   this action.

.. _recruitment/second-interview:

Second interview
================

After an applicant has passed the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, they can be moved to the
:guilabel:`Second Interview` stage. To move the applicant to the next stage, drag and drop the

> applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage, or click on the :guilabel:`Second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage from the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applicants` page, or click on the :guilabel:`Second
```

Interview` stage button at the top of the individual applicant's card.

When the applicant's card moves to the :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage, there are no automatic

> activities or emails configured for this stage. The recruiter can now :ref:`schedule a second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
activities or emails configured for this stage, by default. The recruiter can now :ref:`schedule a second
```

interview <recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>` with the applicant, following the
same process as the first interview.

.. _recruitment/contract-proposal:

Contract Proposal
=================

> After the applicant has completed the various interview processes, the next step is to send the

Reviewer: Do you think it would be beneficial to mention moving it to the Contract Proposal stage (in the same way you've described moving it to other stages, up to this point)? Also, is there any benefit to discussing the folded 'Contract Signed' stage? I think if those were added, it could fully round out the entire flow you are describing. What do you think?

Author: I was thinking about that but I do have that step included in that document, and always worry about the doubling of information. I will add that though, just so this is thorough!

================
Recruitment flow
================

When a prospective employee applies for a job in Odoo, there is a pre-configured process from the
:ref:`initial inquiry <recruitment/new>` to :ref:`creating a new employee
<recruitment/new-employee>` once hired. The following outlines the default recruitment *flow*, or
sequence of events, for Odoo's *Recruitment* application.

.. important::
   The following is based on Odoo's default recruitment pipeline. Be advised that if
   :ref:`modifications are made <recruitment/customize-stages>` to the pipeline, the following will
   differ.

.. _recruitment/new:

New
===

All applicants appear in the :guilabel:`New` stage, whether submitted online or if the applicant is
manually entered by a recruiter.

> 

Reviewer 2: maybe add a link to the "add new applicants" doc here?

When the applicant's card is created, Odoo automatically populates the
:guilabel:`Subject/Application`, the applicant's :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email`,
:guilabel:`Mobile` number, and :guilabel:`LinkedIn Profile` on the applicant's card. This
information is required when applying for a job position, by default.

.. note::
   If the website application form is modified, different fields may be populated based on what
   information is requested on the website.

If the applicant entered any information in the :guilabel:`Short Introduction` section of the online
application, it populates the :guilabel:`Application Summary` tab at the bottom of the applicant's
card.

Resumé
------

> If a resumé was attached to the online application, the resumé would appear in the attachments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a resumé was attached to the online application, it appears in the attachments
```

section of the chatter, and is also stored in the *Documents* application. To find the recruitment

> documents stored in the *Documents* application, navigate to the main :menuselection:`Documents`

Reviewer 2: totally optional suggestion for brevity! (:
```suggestion
documents, navigate to the main :menuselection:`Documents`
```

> dashboard, and click the folder labeled :guilabel:`Recruitment` on the left-hand side. All
> recruitment documents are stored within that folder.

Reviewer 2: Totally optional!
```suggestion
dashboard, and click the :guilabel:`Recruitment` folder on the left-hand side.
```

If the :ref:`CV Display <recruitment/cv-display>` option was enabled in the :ref:`Settings
<recruitment/settings>` menu, the resumé appears on the applicant's card, on the right-hand side.

Send interview
--------------

At any point in the hiring process, an *interview* can be sent to the applicant to obtain more
information. These interviews are custom-made, and can be formatted in a variety of ways.

> The *Surveys* application is used to send these *interviews*, therefore the *Surveys* application
> must be installed to send an interview to an applicant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Surveys* application is required to send interviews to applicants, so it must be installed.
```

Odoo uses the term *interview*, but these can be thought of as questionnaires, surveys, tests,
certifications, etc. Custom interviews can be formatted to suit each individual job positions
needs. For more information on creating and editing interview forms, refer to the
:doc:`../../hr/recruitment/new_job` documentation.

.. example::
   A job position for a computer programmer could have an interview in the form of a programming
   quiz to determine the skill level of the applicant. A job position for a restaurant server could
   have a questionnaire inquiring about the applicant's availability, if the desired applicant needs
   to be available on weekend evenings.

> To send an interview to an applicant, click on an applicant's card to navigate to a detailed view of
> the applicant's card. At the top-left of the applicant's card, click the :guilabel:`Send Interview`
> button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To send an interview to an applicant, click an applicant's card to open detailed information about
the applicant. At the top-left of the applicant's card, click the :guilabel:`Send Interview`
button.
```

   card. If an email address is not entered on the applicant's card, when :guilabel:`Send Interview`
   is clicked, an :guilabel:`Edit:(Applicant)` pop-up window appears on top of the :guilabel:`Send
   an interview` pop-up window. Enter the email address in the :guilabel:`email` field, then click
   :guilabel:`Save & Close`. Once the applicant's information is saved, the :guilabel:`Edit:
   (Applicant)` closes and the :guilabel:`Send an interview` pop-up window remains.

Pre-configured email templates in Odoo sometimes use dynamic placeholders, which are automatically
filled with specific data when the email is sent. For example, if a placeholder for the applicant's
name is used, it will be replaced with the actual name of the applicant in the email. For more
detailed information on email templates, refer to the :doc:`../../general/companies/email_template`
documentation.

Add any additional recipients for the survey if more people should receive the email. If an email is
in the database as a contact, add that contact in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field. If an email
should be sent to someone who is not in the database as a contact, and they should **not** be added

> as a contact, add their email in the :guilabel:`Additional emails` field.

Reviewer 2: In this section, I like how you've already referenced other docs to cut down on the length :smile: 

This is entirely optional and a suggestion to further cut down on length:

Is this information and the specific instructions for these actions covered in the Schedule interviews doc? If so, to avoid repeating information, maybe we can just summarize it. 

For example, for instructions like "click here to do this", we could rewrite it as "when sending emails, additional recipients can be added" and skip the step-by-step details.

Author: I actually double checked, and the information is not the same. I also checked to see if there as a general 'this is ow you send emails' doc, but there isn't one of those either. The schedule interviews one is all about starting in the calendar, and all the various specifications for that- so a lot of the fields don't match/is different enough that I think this is OK to keep in here. I completely understand (and agree) with your suggestion to cut down on the 'overly detailed' information, but I honestly don't see it anywhere else that I can link it to, so I think I will keep it for now.

   :ref:`modifications are made <recruitment/customize-stages>` to the pipeline, the process
   differs.

.. _recruitment/new:

New
===

At the start of the process, all applicants appear in the :guilabel:`New` stage on the
:guilabel:`Applications` page, whether submitted online or if the applicant is :doc:`manually
entered by a recruiter <add-new-applicants>`.

When the applicant's card is created, Odoo automatically populates the
:guilabel:`Subject/Application`, the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`, :guilabel:`Email`, and
:guilabel:`Mobile` number, on the applicant's card. This information is required when applying for
a job position, by default.

.. note::
   If the website application form is modified, different fields may be populated, based on what
   information is requested on the website.

If the applicant entered any information in the *Short Introduction* section of the online
application, it populates the :guilabel:`Application Summary` tab at the bottom of the applicant's
card.

Resumé
------

If a resumé was attached to the online application, it appears in the :guilabel:`Files` section of
the chatter, and is also stored in the *Documents* application.

> To find the recruitment documents, navigate to the main :menuselection:`Documents` dashboard, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the recruitment documents, navigate to the main :menuselection:`Documents app` dashboard, and
```

click the :guilabel:`Recruitment` folder on the left-hand side. All recruitment documents are stored
within that folder.

If the :ref:`CV Display <recruitment/cv-display>` option was enabled in the :ref:`Settings

> <recruitment/settings>` menu of the *Recruitment* app, the resumé appears on the applicant's card,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<recruitment/settings>` of the *Recruitment* app, the resumé appears on the applicant's card,
```

on the right-hand side.

.. note::
   Depending on the browser zoom level, or size of the browser screen, the resumé may appear below

>    the main applicant card information.

Reviewer: ...and if it appears below, it appears as a PDF link/button -- it doesn't just readily present itself

Send interview
--------------

At any point in the hiring process, an interview can be sent to the applicant to obtain more
information. These interviews are custom-made, and can be formatted in a variety of ways.

The *Surveys* application is **required** to send interviews to an applicant, so it **must** be
installed.

Odoo uses the term *interview*, but these can be thought of as questionnaires, surveys, tests,
certifications, etc. Custom interviews can be formatted to suit each individual job position's
needs. For more information on creating and editing interviews, refer to the
:doc:`../../hr/recruitment/new_job` documentation.

.. example::
   A job position for a computer programmer could have an interview in the form of a programming
   quiz to determine the skill level of the applicant. A job position for a restaurant server could
   have a questionnaire inquiring about the applicant's availability, if the desired applicant needs
   to be available on weekend evenings.

> To send an interview to an applicant, click the applicant's card from the :guilabel:`Applications`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send an interview to an applicant, first click the applicant's card from the :guilabel:`Applications`
```

page, to view the detailed applicant information. At the top-left of the applicant's card, click the
:guilabel:`Send Interview` button.

If the applicant's card has an email address on file, a :guilabel:`Send an interview` pop-up window
appears, with the :guilabel:`Recipients`, :guilabel:`Subject`, and email body populated.

.. note::
   To send an email to an applicant, there **must** be an :guilabel:`Email` address on the
   applicant's card.

   If an email address is not entered on the applicant's card, when the :guilabel:`Send Interview`
   button is clicked, an :guilabel:`Edit:(Applicant's Name)` pop-up window appears, *on top of* the
   :guilabel:`Send an interview` pop-up window.

   Enter the email address in the :guilabel:`Email` field, then click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

   Once the applicant's information is saved, the :guilabel:`Edit: (Applicant's Name)` pop-up window
   closes, and the :guilabel:`Send an interview` pop-up window remains.

> Pre-configured email templates in Odoo sometimes use dynamic placeholders, which are automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, pre-configured email templates in Odoo use dynamic placeholders, which are automatically
```

filled with specific data when the email is sent. For example, if a placeholder for the applicant's
name is used, it is replaced with the actual name of the applicant in the email. For more detailed
information on email templates, refer to the :doc:`../../general/companies/email_template`
documentation.

Add the email addresses of any additional recipients for the survey in the :guilabel:`Additional

> emails` field, if more people should receive the email. If an email is in the database as a contact,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
emails` field, if more people should receive the email. If an email address is in the database as a contact,
```

add that contact in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field. If an email should be sent to someone who is

> not in the database as a contact, and they should **not** be added as a contact, add their email in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not in the database as a contact, and they should **not** be added as a contact, add their email address in
```

the :guilabel:`Additional emails` field.

If any attachments need to be added, click the :icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`Attachments` button,
and a file explorer window appears. Navigate to the desired file, and click :guilabel:`Open` to

> attach it to the email. The attachment loads, and is listed above the paperclip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attach it to the email. The attachment loads, and is listed above the :icon:`fa-paperclip`
```

:guilabel:`Attachments` button.

If the emailed interview must be completed by a specific date, enter that date in the
:guilabel:`Answer deadline` field, located in the lower-right area of the pop-up window.

To do so, click the empty field next to :guilabel:`Answer deadline`, and a calendar selector
appears. Use the :icon:`fa-chevron-left` :guilabel:`(left)` and :icon:`fa-chevron-right`
:guilabel:`(right)` arrows, on either side of the month, to navigate to the desired month. Then,

> click on the desired :guilabel:`day` to select the date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
click on the desired day to select the date.
```

The :guilabel:`Mail Template` field is pre-populated, based on the configuration for the interview.
A different template can be chosen from the drop-down menu, if desired. If a new template is
selected, the new email template loads in the email body.

To send the email with the interview link to the applicant, click :guilabel:`Send` at the bottom of
the email pop-up window.

.. image:: recruitment-flow/send-survey.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Send a custom survey, also referred to as an interview form, to an applicant using a
         pre-configured template.

.. _recruitment/initial-qualification:

Initial qualification
=====================

If an applicant seems to be a good potential candidate, they are moved to the :guilabel:`Initial
Qualification` stage.

> This stage is to quickly sort candidates that have potential, from those that do not meet the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stage exists to quickly sort candidates that have potential, from those that do not meet the
```

requirements. No automatic actions, such as emails, are set for this stage. This stage simply

> informs the recruitment team to potentially set up a phone call or an interview with the candidate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
informs the recruitment team to potentially set up a phone call (or an interview) with the candidate.
```

.. note::
   In order to move an applicant's card from one stage to another, the applicant's card can either

>    be dragged and dropped in the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applicants` page to the desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   be dragged and dropped in the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page to the desired
```

   stage, or the stage can be modified on the applicant's card.

   To change the stage on the applicant's card, first click the desired applicant's card from the
   :guilabel:`Applications` page. The current stage for the card is highlighted at the top on a
   status bar, above the card.

   Click the desired stage for the card, and the stage changes. A log note indicating the stage
   change appears in the chatter, as well.

  .. image:: recruitment-flow/stage-change.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Change the stage of an applicant by clicking on the desired stage at the top of the
           applicant's card.

.. _recruitment/first-interview:

First interview
===============

After an applicant has passed the :guilabel:`Initial Qualification` stage, they can be manually
moved to the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage on the :guilabel:`Applications` page, while in Kanban
view.

To move the applicant to the next stage, drag-and-drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`First
Interview` stage.

Alternatively, open the desired applicant's card from the :guilabel:`Applications` page, and click

> on the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage button at the top of the individual applicant's card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage on the status bar at the top of the individual applicant's card.
```

.. image:: recruitment-flow/move.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An applicant's card moves from one stage to another by using the click and drag method.

.. tip::
   The :guilabel:`First Interview` stage can be modified, so when the applicant's card moves to the
   :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, an email can be automatically sent to the applicant, stating
   an interview is requested. In this pre-configured email template, a link to the recruiting team's
   calendar appears, allowing the applicant to schedule their interview.

   :ref:`Edit <recruitment/edit-stage>` the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, and select the
   :guilabel:`Recruitment: Schedule Interview` option in the :guilabel:`Email Template` field, to
   automate this action.

.. _recruitment/second-interview:

Second interview
================

After an applicant has passed the :guilabel:`First Interview` stage, they can be moved to the
:guilabel:`Second Interview` stage. To move the applicant to the next stage, drag-and-drop the
applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage from the Kanban view of the

> :guilabel:`Applicants` page, or click on the :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage button at the top of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Applications` page, or click on the :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage at the top of
```

the individual applicant's card.

When the applicant's card moves to the :guilabel:`Second Interview` stage, there are no automatic
activities or emails configured for this stage, by default. The recruiter can now :ref:`schedule a
second interview <recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>` with the applicant,
following the same process as the first interview.

.. _recruitment/contract-proposal:

Contract Proposal
=================

After the applicant has completed the various interview processes, the next step is to :doc:`send
the job offer <offer_job_positions>`.

Once the offer has been sent, drag-and-drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract

> Proposal` stage from the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applicants` page, or click on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposal` stage from the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page, or click on the
```

> :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` stage button at the top of the individual applicant's card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Contract Proposal` stage at the top of the individual applicant's card.
```

Contract Signed
===============

Once the contract has been signed, and the applicant has been hired, the applicant's card moves to
the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage.

> Drag and drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage from the Kanban view of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag-and-drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage from the Kanban view of
```

Author: Ah! I missed one!

> the :guilabel:`Applicants` page, or click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-h` :guilabel:`(ellipsis)` icon at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Applications` page, or click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-h` :guilabel:`(ellipsis)` icon at
```

> the top of the individual applicant's card, then click the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the top of the individual applicant's card, then click :guilabel:`Contract Signed` on the status bar.
```

needs. For more information on creating and editing interviews, refer to the
:doc:`../../hr/recruitment/new_job` documentation.

.. example::
   A job position for a computer programmer could have an interview in the form of a programming
   quiz to determine the skill level of the applicant. A job position for a restaurant server could
   have a questionnaire inquiring about the applicant's availability, if the desired applicant needs
   to be available on weekend evenings.

To send an interview to an applicant, first click the applicant's card from the
:guilabel:`Applications` page, to view the detailed applicant information. At the top-left of the
applicant's card, click the :guilabel:`Send Interview` button.

If the applicant's card has an email address on file, a :guilabel:`Send an interview` pop-up window
appears, with the :guilabel:`Recipients`, :guilabel:`Subject`, and email body populated.

.. note::
   To send an email to an applicant, there **must** be an :guilabel:`Email` address on the
   applicant's card.

   If an email address is not entered on the applicant's card, when the :guilabel:`Send Interview`

>    button is clicked, an :guilabel:`Edit:(Applicant's Name)` pop-up window appears, *on top of* the

Reviewer 3: nitpick 😛 
this gui for **Edit:(Applicant's Name)** does *not* have a space after the colon, however there *is* a space in the same gui on line 92
